speed-up time series for points (#286)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

  ```

### Enhancements

> * time series for points are generated in a faster manner and timers are added to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Retrieval of time series in Python API function `xcube.core.timeseries.get_time_series()` has been optimized and is now much faster for point geometries. This enhances time-series performance of `xcube serve`. 
```

>   better track performance of time series generation, which now appear in the xcube-server.log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The log-output of `xcube serve` now contains some more details time-series request so performance bottlenecks can be identified more easily from `xcube-serve.log`.
```
